# silver-dollar
Update a bunch of projects from Git and build them

## About

Build the world! This script has a lot of options and makes some assumptions about your build environment.
To start with, type `silver-dollar -h` to get a current list of command-line options.

Please be kind in evaluating the code. I used this project to learn Ruby.

## Usage

In order to get started, you'll need to write yourself a `silver-dollar.rb` file. There's an example to get you started
in the docs folder. The `silver-dollar` script will look for a `SILVER_DOLLAR` environment variable. If that's not
present, it will search in the working directory.

For your basic build:
```bash
silver-dollar
```
This will iterate through the list of projects and try to pull and build each one. The script will try to optimize,
such that it won't build projects that haven't been updated since the last build run.

For a project report:
```bash
silver-dollar -r
```
This will not do any builds, just shows a report giving summary information about your projects.

My preferred build:
```bash
silver-dollar -R
```
This runs a normal build with some extra checking. It verifies that your workspace is clean, as defined by Git. It will
also clean up any cruft generated by your build. Be sure to tune your `.gitignore` file properly before using this.

## Future Plans

Possible future development directions, in no particular order.

* Gradle support
* Shared feature branches
  * Acts like a 'master' branch, but the tool can automatically merge from a basis branch
  * Automatically push?
* Basis branch for rebase can be a list, or can be project-based
* Configuration file with similar style to Gradle or Chef
* Automatically extract archive name from POM
* Make the deploy features more generic and broadly applicable
* Automatically retire a feature branch
  * `git push feature:master`
  * `git checkout master`
  * `git pull`
  * `git branch -d feature`
  * OPTIONALLY: `git push --delete origin feature`
* Remove hard-coding of origin remote
* Improved git-svn support
